Uniformly use dnets for goals with evars in all auto tactics (#14848)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/04-tactics/14848-btermdn-discriminate-evar.rst

- **Changed:**

>   Use discrimination nets for evar-containing goals in all
>   auto-like tactics. It essentially makes the behaviour of undiscriminated
>   databases to be the one of discriminated databases where all constants are
>   considered transparent. This may introduce very rare fringe incompatibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use discrimination nets for goals containing evars in all
  tactics similar to :tacn:`auto`. It essentially makes the behavior of undiscriminated
  hint databases the same as discriminated databases where all constants are
  considered transparent. This may be incompatible with previous behavior in very rare cases.
```

I don't understand the difference between discriminated and undiscriminated, nor do I know what a discrimination net is.  Will readers understand?  Is it different from the `discriminate` tactic?  Also, can you be more specific than "essentially" or drop that word?

Author: > Will readers understand?

The previous state of this documentation snippet is *both* badly written and completely wrong whatsoever. Even knowing the internals of the code made me wonder what the original author meant. This section is definitely *not* targeting casual users and the intended audience will understand it.

> discrimination net

It's a standard datastructure for this kind of algorithms. AFAIK it originated in Prolog.

> Is it different from the discriminate tactic?

Completely unrelated.

> essentially

No, saying it's the same would be lying but the last thing I want is to explain the current differences between both. Anyways, I still have a few tweaking PRs in the pipeline that would warrant a removal of this adverb, but in the meantime I'd rather keep it so that I don't get complaints that the phrasing is not literally true.
